the debt ceiling is constantly being
lifted in order to keep the system which
runs off of debt moving along there can
be no reduction of debt without a
collapse of the system it's designed to
increase and increase and force the
taxpayers to pay the bills and in every
single scenario there is a major
controversy surrounding this debt
cealing and the politicians fight each
other other and in the end the result is
always the same more debt you came here
for the truth let's look at the debt
ceiling today I want to talk about
what's happening with the US government
I want to go into discussions about
Europe and other places beginning with
this you're looking at individual income
taxes setting a record through
February I like to bring up anytime I
see record because we see see this all
the time record debts record deficits
record you know increases in the stock
market everything is hitting you highs
that's the bad things and the good
things and everything in between so
right here the federal government
collected a record of approximately $600
billion in individual income tax through
the first 5 months of fiscal
2017 there is no doubt that the
government is able to bring in record
amounts of
Taxation I believe though that this
money is being squandered and
unfortunately we have to have major
changes in this category because the
amount of money they bring in is not
going to do any good if it's bleeding
out the other side Treasury Department
is burning through cash as the debt
sealing approaches so let's get into
this here the treasury Department has
been rapidly spending its large cash
reserves ever since Trump took office a
move that compiles uh complies with
federal law but also could make it
harder for the government to stay under
the debt ceiling once it kicks in later
this month so they're talking about how
the fact that they have nearly 400
billion in cash on hand this money will
evaporate very quickly now you've seen
in the past where the debt stays at a
certain level for such a long period of
time and it won't even move a dollar for
these you know weak
and weeks on end and you know that
obviously these numbers are fake that
they're able to manipulate them or they
just put off the debt until a later date
they can do this if they really want to
they can show whatever values they
desire so I don't think that a crisis a
true debt sealing crisis would ever
present itself to be a problem if they
choose however they may use it as an
opportunity right now judging by the
fact that there's a lot of infighting
going on in the government despite the
fact that there is a uh majority
Republican and obviously the president
being Republican as well doesn't seem to
make a difference when there's so much
infighting
occurring look at this the White House
budget director confirmed that Trump uh
Trump's Administration will propose
quote fairly dramatic reductions in US
foreign aid in their budget this is
great news I believe because the foreign
aid is so dramatic and the amount that's
spent look at the money the billions of
dollars that are sent over to these
countries who then use it on Munitions
on different weapons and everything else
and then they start uh Wars start to uh
increase the tensions in the these
different regions around the world just
look at the amount of money that's sent
over to Israel being one example I mean
this is going to show you well I mean
that's not going to decrease the amount
of for8 to Israel but just in general we
need to have our own countries take care
of themselves I know that sounds maybe
perhaps a little uh selfish in some ways
but if you think about it with such
poverty and homelessness going on in the
US and Canada other places you'll find
that if that money was used at home
perhaps that Prosperity would then have
a ripple effect
outwards so that's what I would hope to
see occur I just think that the uh
fairly dramatic reductions you know I
would hope that it's something really
significant in fact um we'll see we'll
see what
happens this year is the true situation
there's a lot of news out there and you
can read the stat and I Do cover the
technical analysis and I believe it's
important but when you read something
like this this is what I believe to be
the key
indicators this individual here paying
1,900 a month of rent to live downtown
San Francisco house with at least 40
other people many of whom sleep in bunk
beds it's a communal living situation
the neev and it's trying to to be
designed for Tech workers they have a
lot of um let's say not a lot of time to
be uh spent at home they're working a
lot they work perhaps together they need
to uh be creative be together basically
a dorm room that's what they suggest
this that it is and this is something
that is increasing you'll see this more
often I've covered it here before they
have it in New York they have it now uh
here Silicon Valley areas San Francisco
there is this is not the only one of
course now if individuals want to live
together there's nothing at all wrong
with that nothing at all to live in a
communal situation however if they have
to live in a communal situation and pay
$1,900 a month to do so because they
simply can't afford to live on their own
that's the problem and this is something
that has been going on now increasingly
for the past few years people can't
afford it they're renting places that
they don't want to live in but they
don't have another
Choice that's exactly what's occurring
here meanwhile you have people buying
these multi-million doll homes and then
you look just not far away and you see
the 10 cities there is the chasm which
is formed in between the rich and the
poor it's no longer just a small amount
the middle class is being evaporated and
and the new generations even the
Millennials and newer they won't have
the same situation that you know the
Baby Boomers and those Generations
before had these opportunities are long
gone and unfortunately it looks like
things are getting a lot
worse we're talking about Greece right
now two articles here Greece's
International lenders should lower the
country's fiscal targets from 2021
onward I don't understand how much lower
they can
get and what they say is excluding debt
servicing cost should be lower to 2% of
GDP this should be a lot lower I mean
you're not going to get this
3.5% growth that they suggested I mean
none of these places are getting that
the easing of the primary Surplus
targets together with the implementation
of agreed structural reforms that's
damaging words would put the necessary
conditions in place for a gradual
lowering tax tax rate positive
multiplier effect okay they say that we
are going to lower taxation on the
people we triy that it didn't work so
now what we are going to do has have
structural reforms and I do
unfortunately believe that that is
cutting back on uh what people have been
used to getting whether or not you agree
with it or not what I say is that
anytime you have entitlement reforms or
anything else people will Riot people
will unfortunately get in the streets
and cause havoc and cause
chaos then look at this GRE and his
International lenders have the have the
political will to reach a compromise and
conclude a crucial review of the
country's bailout progress
soon it's not going to happen people are
not going to accept it they didn't
accept it in
2015 so going ahead with the bailout
package is never a good thing for the
people and who are we talking about none
other than the financial goon squad the
IMF
what they said is that the
EU and the IMF are going to work on
getting gree's fiscal goals in next year
this is the current rescue program
expiring and they need to get on with
the new one that's how it works you just
roll it over into the next one roll it
over roll it over and every single time
the austerity kicks in much worse and
worse and worse and there's a strangle
hold put on the people now you might
think well Greece has a problem it's
Greece they need to deal with their own
stuff but I tell you right now it's
coming it's not just Venezuela it's not
just Greece it's not just any one
particular country when you have to
realize that it's all of them every
country one degree or another is facing
these problems and Greece is just giving
you that forewarning that foreshadowing
of what's headed to your doorstep
there's a lot more in here but let's
move on right here before the video gets
too long a lot of people complaining
about that Japan's ruling
party approved a change in party rules
that could pave the way for the prime
minister to become the country's longest
serving leader in the post World War II
era they're talking about do we need to
revise the Constitution do we want to
bring that in all I wanted to bring up
the fact
that when the country is headed in such
a disaster it's never been good since
the crisis it had a few decades ago it's
never recovered ever you look at the
hundred-year mortgages should that be a
cause for concern for anybody absolutely
not as long as people feel they're
prosperous everything is just fine look
at the fact that you have this aging
population you have the most ridiculous
amounts of debt you have quantitative
easing that they're proud of you have
the fact that they are purchasing actual
shares they're buying up all the debt
the central bank is doing something
that's unprecedented never been seen
before for you need change you don't
need the same over and over again but
they won't admit to defeat and that is
the problem of Japan sources Paramount's
Chinese Partners haven't paid a penny of
the promised $1 billion we have some
trouble here in Hollywood and I do
believe that there has been a little
back and forth whether it's the capital
controls we don't know what's going on
but I do feel that there is a little bit
of controversy going on with the Chinese
buying a lot of Hollywood so let's stay
tuned to that hundreds of ships are
sailing into European Waters check this
out after suspicious Maneuvers near
terrorist hotspots prompting fears that
they are smuggling people and weapons
with impunity so look at this
investigation by the times has uncovered
how cargo ships and other large vessels
routinely switch off their GPS tracking
so they can disappear falsify their
identification or Veer off their their
usual course so it's a whole breakdown
of what happens here all I wanted to say
was that this is a definitely
interesting it's a definitely a cause
for concern at this time of course we
don't know too much detail but this was
uh an investigation that was done if
you're interested check that
out a plan for the coming assault on
raqa the Islamic state capital in Syria
calls for the significant U US military
participation including more special
forces Attack Helicopters artillery and
armed supplies to the Syrian Kurdish and
the Arabs fighting force on the ground
and they're also suggesting perhaps we
need to put some boots on the ground I
don't know what's going to happen in
that regard but it's happened in Libya
it's happened in Iraq and Afghanistan
they all started limited operations and
then of course it just continues it just
gets worse and worse and worse the money
just gets poured in and poured in and
then of course there's the backlash you
bomb these countries and people get
pissed off and I wouldn't blame them in
that regard I just think that you know
we have to stop this we have to stop
bombing the boogeyman it's not going to
work if you stop if you want to stop it
I've got a great idea I've got a bright
idea stop funding it stop funding and
training Isis stop allowing this to take
hold you're giving them the power and
they've even admitted it before even
Hillary killary Clinton said yes in fact
we have given weapons to these people of
course she didn't use those names
exactly but that's what she's talking
about the people we fighting today are
those we funded it's very clear it's
it's not you know they're not going to
come out and say you know Washington
Post says uh we fund Isis no but you
piece them together and realize the the
truth it's pretty obvious it's pretty
clear and it has been made public if you
found this video informative please give
me a thumbs up and last but not least if
you found the video informative I know
you will find my book The Money GPS even
more informative
so you can look through the book just go
over to Amazon they have a look inside
featur that would allow you to flip
through the pages of the book and see if
you like it take care